[Music]
Very good my dear ones, also from the
heart you will have missed me today
but I have not been able to come before
very calm because I am not going to give it
praise or I do not know if it will be possible to direct today
maybe not maybe we will not take it as a
break but I will leave you gossip here
so that you are entertained all
weekend and the whole long weekend if you are in
Andalusia do not pay attention to this because this
is good this is wonderful you are
going to enjoy this and those of you who are
faithful followers of the channel even more because they
passed you to this guy do you remember this man
okay this man is a karra perhaps with
whom we had a debate on the
main channel that you have okay if I do not
forget I will leave it in the description a
debate on the main channel that you
cannot miss he is a man who has a
channel dedicated to defending Rocío
Carrasco he is a fan of Sálvame look he retweets
when Sálvame he has a 15 wow
so the level is this no do not
miss the  debate that I did with him
please I did a debate with him about the whole
Rocío Carrasco and Antonio
David plot and the guy
ended up literally saying that he didn't know why he was defending Rocío Carrasco. We were already debating no more flights and a couple of hours and of course I was giving him all the arguments yes because look there is a contradiction that another this is not like you say in the videos this does and the
guy ended up saying well
because he was defending him for his morals and that no and
that he doesn't know why and I but well
but why do you believe this if this is not like that
because if the literal rises did they
really watch the debate did they really watch the
debate because there is nothing better
than a live debate it is where
everything is clarified when you have to there is
someone who does not want to debate
live with another with whom they are
fighting and who only wants edited videos you
already know the answer watching debates
like this no well you know that the other
day Frank Cuesta
the talk he had with my friend Romá
Gallardo said that he would vote for Vox
no because  I had all the ideals that
this is, there are many people who manipulate with
this and believe that the fact that you are going to
vote for a party, that you support a
party within those that exist means that you
agree with everything, the same thing happens to me,
I do not defend any
political party or trick, any
political party from the heart as if it were a
football team or if it were my
football team, not everything that this party says goes
forward, everything that is not, let's see,
there are many people who believe many things
about me but I, for example, have
quite a few ideals that we could
even consider them left-wing,
look at what I tell you in pollo, for
example,
this favor of abortion
for abortion within the term, the law
of terms, I am in
favor of what I tell you, of
public health, of course, it is not part of it, in
fact, I believe that we have to fight
to maintain it, study in favor of good
and against bullfighting, I
am not a believer, but nevertheless, of
all the parties that exist, the truth is
that I stay with boxing, it is not that
then they support bullfighting or they support
in the house that goes out, take out one
homework assignment well
neither support nor dissupport
sincerely that I vote for another
political party is not going to eliminate
bullfighting sincerely one way I
like the take more that it cannot be eliminated
from one day to the next bullfighting there are
many families that live off of it and not
just bullfighters there are
truck drivers there are cattle ranchers there is the
ticket seller there are many people for that
you cannot eliminate it
overnight or rather with time
the issue of the house will disappear hey
look what do you want me to tell you what
matters to me right now are the issues
of taxes those that toughen the
penalties for people who do more it's worth it to me
for example the law on
gender violence I do agree that they
eliminate them okay and then well we are not going to
go into political explanations here it would
not be a very big debate it would be another
video if you want no but basically you
have to look at what affects you or not
affect your life you know what suits you what
will be best for your country not if it is that it
is look at what they say or what there are
parties  that they are literally destroying the
country, no, but we're not going to
get into that because that's not the news, the
point is what I want to say, the
point is that the fact that you choose
a party from those that exist doesn't
mean that you are going to go 100% to the death with
those parties and it's basically what
Frank Cuesta said, he has always voted for
socialism, the PSOE is a party that has
22 sessions before
all its voters have met, not because it
directly lies because it directly
lies to you, moreover, there is a party that is
for people
because they are stupid literally and without
offending, but to tell you no, I'm not going to be
this and it's that it doesn't do the
opposite because it suits its own interests, okay,
in fact, right here this man is
sharing how he had
refused to collaborate with Podemos
on something that he had promised in the middle
of a war, which is going to be blowing up the
price of electricity, and even
seeing how the right is touched, the
Socialist and Workers' Party, in
quotes, is once again looking out for
the big companies that grant it
revolving doors, okay, it has rejected the
law  of unity we can to create a
public energy company like
decisions like this well, we've had
thousands not the pathetic and
ridiculous management that it has with everything the
coronavirus has been the mental but
well it's not the case it's not about here 400
minutes of politics
half of the audience is going to be gone but the point
is that what he says what
Frank Cuesta said was basically that of the
parties that have to be done PSOE or
my little PP corruption in full force no content don't
be incredible no the history of the PP we ca
n't we can let's
go the most absurd thing you
can find
that we can for me is a joke
directly be a parody a parody
of those that come out on the
charisma channel well that we can cover up we can
is not a serious party we can ask I know they
want to put skirts on the traffic lights they
want to paint the banks purple
and such what are you left with well you are left with box the
party that is going to throw balls where it has to
throw what it is going to impose things that are
going to touch the so-called
taxes that are going to touch all the things
and remove absurd laws and nonsense okay
then it has other things that  We don't
like it, well yes we can debate it, but
most of those things that we don't like are
going to be of less use to us in our lives, are going to
affect us less in our lives,
but oh well, we'll discuss that, we're not
going to see the caraquista, not the quality, what he's
done because Frank Cuesta
said that, The Box won't vote for Box, but my
wife in a Ferrari and she posts actions,
images of a guy that she got from I don't
know where that percent we have tinto,
look for me, look for me in tinto, no good car does
Frank Cuesta even have humor,
obviously it's not the car that Frank
Cuesta or his wife has, but it seems that
the one who drives the car looks like Julie
and well, they've decided to make a
joke. Well, I do
n't
know if Frank Cuesta had the Ferrari,
well he would have it, he's worked a lot
in television for many years, he's
done many programs and he would have
had more than enough money,
surely to pay for his life, pay for his
house or his family's house, whatever the
sanctuary issue or whatever, and to
have bought a car and have it. The
bad thing is that I find it very
funny, people who criticize what
others buy, I don't
care what others buy  what matters to me is
the bad thing is stealing as long as they
steal from us nothing happens everyone can
buy whatever they want and frank cuesta must have
had money or won with all the
programs he has done to buy
how many of these but well that's not the
case that's not the case okay franco has
lived all his life in other
ways okay nothing materialistic and nothing
consumerist so with the
cones and they don't have it neither Julie nor he
has this personal car idiocy no
then the hundreds of fascists do hurt
frank cuesta's the ferrari hehe today or
whatever it's called and the illegalization of boxing
okay
for the moment they haven't stopped me with
drugs at an airport if it's little or 0 0
0 0 1 as frank cuesta said then
I beat him with 0.0 suckers
or in other words here making personal attacks
on franco it's super low for no reason
okay and a twist and another you and me your
tweet for the simple fact that he
said that of the matches that are left
then he chooses box okay the fascists
get very nervous when they don't see the 4
cans of frank cuesta that he uses to appear
in videos and they see a ferrari and while
we eat boxing here we
hit another frank and while we
eat boxing well look precisely
you who are half power this this man
was from boxing before in fact I think it was that he
told me in the debate that he was he was
affiliated with you in fact okay but
for some reason well now he is power to me
now he is in marea fucsia okay
in fact I think that the party that
can ruin the most that could
ruin the country the most and leading to the poverty
of Venezuela would be of course podemos
but come on without a doubt without a doubt
this is a yours puts frank cuesta there and
if this is not harassment that it is I have no
idea who this guy is and twitter
answers me that it does not break its rule well
nothing we are muleteers no let's see
[Music]
I would call something that a fool washes
this puts
a lot of tui with certain
low attacks because the truth is they are low because
frank cuestas takes this guy not
debate colds decided he says pap
talking about the subject of rocio carrasco
antonio ecológica imagine that those
who  Frank Cuesta says come on, come
here, come to a debate with me, I would give him
the dance of his life, I would
give him the dance of his life, okay,
imagined, well,
harassment, harassment is someone who influences you,
that you can't live your life, that you
have to change something in your life and you can't live
your life normally,
man, I would call it harassment, I wouldn't call
this harassment, okay, locally, I would
call it a person who is
bothering you and who is making low blows
and it's regrettable, okay, regrettable, but the
rules for the law of harassment, well, the truth is
that you don't say it as a clarification for
fascists. Yesterday, I posted a photo of a Ferrari
of an Italian woman, I said as a [ __ ] joke
that she was Fran Cuesta's wife and the
boxing guys with their few brain cells almost
died,
precisely, Frank Cuesta has people
who love him, but not boxing fans,
in fact, it was a trend because
a lot of people are disappointed with what
others vote for. I spend half a session with what others
vote for, I mean,
literally, I give my opinion on my
channels, for example, I don't go to other
places, I don't usually go to other places, he talks
about politics, but I will tell you one thing
thing like that or I respect the world if
you are podemistas bidders military power
your problem the only thing I think is
that everyone has to vote but
knowing what they are voting but I
respect the people okay I respect the
people I voted podemos I have
always voted for the left okay for this
video those that have mounted them you see
flags in the video it adds humor what
you are missing fascists that are not they are not those you
see flags nor those on the right those who are
so criticized are surely the
followers of frank cuestas and apart from
not even being followed by francos you are that you
are making an attack which is
nonsense for something that neither goes nor
comes to you okay
says frank cuesta this is how hoaxes are created
this is how hate is created report it to twitter and they
respond that they do not break the
twitter rules of course the
twitter rules in reality I did not notice others I
comply in quotes a nonsense you know
annoying because it is a hoax and a lie
but man the twitter rule is something
more serious than twitter no xbox franco
is here you cannot censor people
this has  this has more damage, send
jack, they fixed this man, I think he
defends things that they don't even understand, they know
when box censors people, it
's precisely the
left-wing parties that are censoring the
media
that wanted to gather a signature in
congress, which of course was not approved
in order to not let in the
media that asked them
uncomfortable questions, imagine, hey, irene montero and
this that came out that
you paid for the nanny with this money, hey pablo
echenique what happened that they are
condemned for defaming I don't know who, don't you
hear
íñigo errejón what's going on with the complaint they've
given him a name because he says that
you kick them every plane there are
networks and media that ask him those
questions and they don't want to answer those that
want to censor them that those
media can't enter
congress, I
mean, look, you see that you vote for bullfighters
and hunters on Sunday, who already have half a
shift who prefers
what I know that you prefer who
continues attending bullfighting, what are you
going to feel is the party that this
platform that right now nobody is going to come it's
going to cut it off at the root okay impossible it would be a
civil war here in
Spain it's not even crazy and hunters those who
have married are going to continue going
to hunt families and we to eat
have to continue to eat the law
of life unfortunately there is no
other there is no other formula but we have to
eat animals friends okay there is no
other really be and I tell you because I
swear I love animals
and I don't like the house but honestly
I prefer I have other priorities than
taxes issue of how to manage
money than what they do with the money
issue corruption issues well
issue that does not let
the law be passed to the bullfighter already many
things many things many
nonsense are super allowed nothing
family well here you have this cry of
this man the video was a bit long for me
a bit long the news but
well I'm sure he would have laughed don't
forget that I will leave in the description
the debate I had with this man the
main channel so you can go see it
and of course subscribe if you are
not already  to my main channel
also, there are many people who are
subscribed to this channel and are not subscribed
to my main channel where I upload the
best videos,
a hug family
[Music]
and